ir ranraon.

auch explanatione as tend to elucidate the passage in which they
ooonr. More than thiais lest to the dictionary. Some paine have
aleo been taken to make the Argumenta aa snll as possible, that
a clear exposition os the author’e main object may awahen a eor·
responding intelligence on the part ot' the reader. To under·
stand the current os a writer’a thoughnis the only way ιο un·
deretand and relish hia single passages, his ohoioe os epitheta,
and hie ahili in wearing a oonsiatent whole.

It will be ohserved that a running commentary has not beea
given on the whole os the Georgica. They are seldom read
throughout in schoots3 not sor their want os beauty9 bnt because
a diductio poem is not so well fitted ιο interest the young as a
narrative or a dialogne. But there are eorne passages in the
Georgica which universal oonaent points ont as among the fineet
efforts ot* Virgil’s muse, and which are eminently captivating
even ιο a young mind. These are the praises os Italy in the
First¹ and ot* a rural lisa in the Second Book, and the story ot*
Aristaeus in the Fourth. To these notes have been given.

ln oonsormity with the plan pursued in the various works ot*
thia series, a lise os the Author has been prefixed, in which an
attempt ia made to bring the learner into oontaot with him, and
thus prepare the mind ιο appreciate hia excellenciegand u
acoonnt sor hia defecta

Enurnm, m, 2⁰. tw

 

